README.md, before:

I'm [Nicole van der Hoeven](https://nicolevanderhoeven.com), and *Doing It in Public* is a book I'm writing about learning in public: what it is, why you should do it, and practical instructions for how to do it. To keep up with the spirit of the book, I'm attempting to write the book itself in public. That means that depending on when you're reading this, you may still find the book in various stages of disarray. Be warned! Here be dragons.

## Reading this book

I'm using a GitHub repository for version controlling the book, but the best place to read it while it's in progress is on [doingitinpublic.com](https://doingitinpublic.com).
## Giving feedback

A vital part of this process is getting (and responding to) feedback at every step. To facilitate this, here are the best ways you can give me feedback:
- Join [my Discord server](https://discord.gg/J8SeNYbzAF) and head on over to the `#book-doing-it-in-public` channel to join the conversation.
- [Raise an issue](https://github.com/nicolevanderhoeven/doing-it-in-public/issues/new?assignees=nicolevanderhoeven&labels=bug&projects=&template=bug.md&title=%5BBUG%5D+) on GitHub.

What should you give feedback on? The structure of the book/chapter, whether something was unclear, ideas or suggestions for how I could improve it, new ideas you think I should consider... I'm open to everything related to the content.

*Please don't* give feedback on spelling and grammar. That'll all be sorted out during the proofreading later.

## Where should I start?

[Here's the current outline of the book](/content/index.md#outline). You can start there, give feedback on the outline itself, or jump into any of the linked sections from there.

Commit message:

Add section on getting updates in readme

README.md, after:

I'm [Nicole van der Hoeven](https://nicolevanderhoeven.com), and *Doing It in Public* is a book I'm writing about learning in public: what it is, why you should do it, and practical instructions for how to do it. To keep up with the spirit of the book, I'm attempting to write the book itself in public. That means that depending on when you're reading this, you may still find the book in various stages of disarray. Be warned! Here be dragons.

## Reading this book

I'm using a GitHub repository for version controlling the book, but the best place to read it while it's in progress is on [doingitinpublic.com](https://doingitinpublic.com).
## Giving feedback

A vital part of this process is getting (and responding to) feedback at every step. To facilitate this, here are the best ways you can give me feedback:
- Join [my Discord server](https://discord.gg/J8SeNYbzAF) and head on over to the `#book-doing-it-in-public` channel to join the conversation.
- [Raise an issue](https://github.com/nicolevanderhoeven/doing-it-in-public/issues/new?assignees=nicolevanderhoeven&labels=bug&projects=&template=bug.md&title=%5BBUG%5D+) on GitHub.

What should you give feedback on? The structure of the book/chapter, whether something was unclear, ideas or suggestions for how I could improve it, new ideas you think I should consider... I'm open to everything related to the content.

*Please don't* give feedback on spelling and grammar. That'll all be sorted out during the proofreading later.

## Getting updates

There are three ways you can get updates about new chapters for review:
- Join [my Discord server](https://discord.gg/J8SeNYbzAF). I'll post requests for reviews in the channel `#book-doing-it-in-public`.
- Sign up for my newsletter, [Thinking in Public](https://tip.nicolevanderhoeven.com). I'll mention available chapters for review there.
- Check [Changelog](Changelog.md) here for updates.

## Where should I start?

[Here's the current outline of the book](/content/index.md#outline). You can start there, give feedback on the outline itself, or jump into any of the linked sections from there.
