content/index.md, before:

---
title: Welcome to Doing It in Public
---
I'm [Nicole van der Hoeven](https://nicolevanderhoeven.com), and *Doing It in Public* is a book I'm writing about learning in public: what it is, why you should do it, and practical instructions for how to do it. To keep up with the spirit of the book, I'm attempting to write the book itself in public. That means that depending on when you're reading this, you may still find the book in various stages of disarray. Be warned! Here be dragons.
## Giving feedback

A vital part of this process is getting (and responding to) feedback at every step. To facilitate this, here are the best ways you can give me feedback:
- Join [my Discord server](https://discord.gg/J8SeNYbzAF) and head on over to the `#book-doing-it-in-public` channel to join the conversation.
- [Raise an issue](https://github.com/nicolevanderhoeven/doing-it-in-public/issues/new) on GitHub.

What should you give feedback on? The structure of the book/chapter, whether something was unclear, ideas or suggestions for how I could improve it, new ideas you think I should consider... I'm open to everything related to the content.

*Please don't* give feedback on spelling and grammar. That'll all be sorted out during the proofreading later.


## Outline

### [[Introduction]]
- What is learning in public?
- Why should you learn in public?
- How do you learn in public?
- How the rest of the book is laid out

###  Chapter 1. The case for doing it in public

- Limiting beliefs that hold us back from making things
- Open-sourcing knowledge: why open source still works
- Accountability and precommitments
- Authenticity by default, and ethical creativity
- Cunningham's Law
- When you can show your work
- Ritual dissent
- What is all this for?

### Chapter 2. Principles for doing it in public

- Make it observable
	- Observability of complex distributed systems
	- Prefer visible work
	- Own what you make
	- Lead and lag indicators
- Make it continuous
	- The convergence of code and speech
	- Continuous improvement in software development
	- Agile and iterative, incremental work
	- Learning sustainably
- Make it fun
	- Cultivating playfulness and curiosity
	- Learning useless things
	- Learning things you have no business learning
	- How to learn hard things
- Do it in a group
	- Learn within communities
	- Get good at listening for signals
	- Get good at asking for feedback and receiving it well
	- Experiment

### Chapter 3. Tier 0: Microlearning
- Building a foundation for learning in public
- Starting before you're ready
- What if it could be easy?
- Social media
- The life-changing magic of the daily `#TIL`
- Writing stuff down and publishing it
- Commonplace books and resonance calendars
- Arguments for plain text
- (social media, code, microblogging, taking notes)
### Chapter 4. Tier 1: Systematising your learning
- Turning notes into a Personal Knowledge Management system
- Creating your own site
- Version control and gitting gud
- The value of a public changelog
- (PKM, static site generators, Git)

### Chapter 5. Tier 2: Longform learning
- The value of failed experiments
- Leaning into your unfair advantage
- Creating high-effort content based on signals
- Repurposing content to broaden your reach
- (videos, blog posts, larger development projects, songs, podcasts)

### Chapter 6. Tier 3: Automating your learning
- Creating a content calendar
- Deciding on publishing cadence, developing consistency
- Scheduling posts and creating a buffer
- Feedback triage and prioritising 
- Building a CI/CD pipeline for learning
- (content management, product management, processing pipeline, Zapier)
### Chapter 7. Tier 4: Building a community
- Creating strategic content
- Helping others
- Saying no
- Making a living out of doing it in public
- (communities, courses, conference talks, apps)

### Chapter 8. Pitfalls in learning in public

- Optimal quitting and exit criteria for learning in public
- Burnout and overwork
- Art vs Exhibitionism
- When is feedback noise?

### Chapter 9. How to learn in private

- Strategic inauthenticity
- Setting public boundaries
	- Core principles
	- Ethics statement
	- Manifesto for posting online
	- Automatic no list, automatic no reply list
	- Defensive calendaring
- Identifying distant mentors
- The art of lurking
- Steel-manning and the Hegelian Dialectic
- Platonic forms and mental models

Commit message:

Add section on getting updates in readme

content/index.md, after:

---
title: Welcome to Doing It in Public
---
I'm [Nicole van der Hoeven](https://nicolevanderhoeven.com), and *Doing It in Public* is a book I'm writing about learning in public: what it is, why you should do it, and practical instructions for how to do it. To keep up with the spirit of the book, I'm attempting to write the book itself in public. That means that depending on when you're reading this, you may still find the book in various stages of disarray. Be warned! Here be dragons.
## Giving feedback

A vital part of this process is getting (and responding to) feedback at every step. To facilitate this, here are the best ways you can give me feedback:
- Join [my Discord server](https://discord.gg/J8SeNYbzAF) and head on over to the `#book-doing-it-in-public` channel to join the conversation.
- [Raise an issue](https://github.com/nicolevanderhoeven/doing-it-in-public/issues/new) on GitHub.

What should you give feedback on? The structure of the book/chapter, whether something was unclear, ideas or suggestions for how I could improve it, new ideas you think I should consider... I'm open to everything related to the content.

*Please don't* give feedback on spelling and grammar. That'll all be sorted out during the proofreading later.

## Getting updates

There are three ways you can get updates about new chapters for review:
- Join [my Discord server](https://discord.gg/J8SeNYbzAF). I'll post requests for reviews in the channel `#book-doing-it-in-public`.
- Sign up for my newsletter, [Thinking in Public](https://tip.nicolevanderhoeven.com). I'll mention available chapters for review there.
- Check [Changelog](Changelog.md) here for updates.

## Outline

### [[Introduction]]
- What is learning in public?
- Why should you learn in public?
- How do you learn in public?
- How the rest of the book is laid out

###  Chapter 1. The case for doing it in public

- Limiting beliefs that hold us back from making things
- Open-sourcing knowledge: why open source still works
- Accountability and precommitments
- Authenticity by default, and ethical creativity
- Cunningham's Law
- When you can show your work
- Ritual dissent
- What is all this for?

### Chapter 2. Principles for doing it in public

- Make it observable
	- Observability of complex distributed systems
	- Prefer visible work
	- Own what you make
	- Lead and lag indicators
- Make it continuous
	- The convergence of code and speech
	- Continuous improvement in software development
	- Agile and iterative, incremental work
	- Learning sustainably
- Make it fun
	- Cultivating playfulness and curiosity
	- Learning useless things
	- Learning things you have no business learning
	- How to learn hard things
- Do it in a group
	- Learn within communities
	- Get good at listening for signals
	- Get good at asking for feedback and receiving it well
	- Experiment

### Chapter 3. Tier 0: Microlearning
- Building a foundation for learning in public
- Starting before you're ready
- What if it could be easy?
- Social media
- The life-changing magic of the daily `#TIL`
- Writing stuff down and publishing it
- Commonplace books and resonance calendars
- Arguments for plain text
- (social media, code, microblogging, taking notes)
### Chapter 4. Tier 1: Systematising your learning
- Turning notes into a Personal Knowledge Management system
- Creating your own site
- Version control and gitting gud
- The value of a public changelog
- (PKM, static site generators, Git)

### Chapter 5. Tier 2: Longform learning
- The value of failed experiments
- Leaning into your unfair advantage
- Creating high-effort content based on signals
- Repurposing content to broaden your reach
- (videos, blog posts, larger development projects, songs, podcasts)

### Chapter 6. Tier 3: Automating your learning
- Creating a content calendar
- Deciding on publishing cadence, developing consistency
- Scheduling posts and creating a buffer
- Feedback triage and prioritising 
- Building a CI/CD pipeline for learning
- (content management, product management, processing pipeline, Zapier)
### Chapter 7. Tier 4: Building a community
- Creating strategic content
- Helping others
- Saying no
- Making a living out of doing it in public
- (communities, courses, conference talks, apps)

### Chapter 8. Pitfalls in learning in public

- Optimal quitting and exit criteria for learning in public
- Burnout and overwork
- Art vs Exhibitionism
- When is feedback noise?

### Chapter 9. How to learn in private

- Strategic inauthenticity
- Setting public boundaries
	- Core principles
	- Ethics statement
	- Manifesto for posting online
	- Automatic no list, automatic no reply list
	- Defensive calendaring
- Identifying distant mentors
- The art of lurking
- Steel-manning and the Hegelian Dialectic
- Platonic forms and mental models
