content/Doing It in Public/Introduction.md, before:

---
title: Introduction
draft: false
description: 
tags:
---

[Back to outline](/#outline)

*Doing WHAT in public?*

We often treat learning something the way we treat sex.

We hesitate to acknowledge we're doing it, for fear of judgment or ridicule. If we must do it, we do it behind closed doors, and even as we enjoy it, we do so with the appropriate amount of guilt. We delight in it in secret until one day, perhaps nine months from now, we have something to show for it: a product of our efforts. This, finally, is a thing we can be publicly proud of, even as we downplay the process of getting there.

The truth is that everyone else is doing it in secret too.

We do it in secret because it's difficult to admit we have a lot to learn, especially when we need to learn things we feel we ought to know already. No matter how much experience we have, or how often we've made something, it's still difficult to silence the nagging voice in our heads that wonders how we got as far as we did without knowing much of anything. We don't want to be found out, so we transgress in the dark and play catch-up and make our mistakes where nobody else will see them. At the end of it, *if* we chance upon the creation of something halfway decent, *then* we let other people see it. This, in our minds, is what it looks like to be an expert: having a showcase of beautiful things effortlessly made from nothing. Because we're just that good.

But there's another way to make things without the pretense, one that is kinder to ourselves than we can be. It's a way that enables us to learn and think and question and *play*, just for the joy of it. It's a philosophy of learning that is forgiving while moving fast enough to be fun:

*Doing it in public.*

## Do it like the Greeks



## What is learning in public?

Learning in public is a fundamental subversion of how most of us learn to learn. Instead of waiting until the end to show off the resulting work, learning in public shows the process of creating it. Instead of polish and perfection, the public learner aims for authenticity and progress. And instead of downplaying the effort it took to make something, they openly acknowledge the struggle and doubt that are constant companions of making anything worth making.

Learning in public is about showing your work [^kleon] as part of the creation process, using social networks and digital tools to shorten the gap between ideation and production. Public learners post questions on social media when someone says something they don't understand, but want to learn. Their status updates are a progress report of their latest project. They speak up during community spaces to pitch ideas. They turn on the camera and press record without scripting what they're going to say. They publish blog posts before they feel ready. They apply to speak at conferences before they feel they're experts. Public learners make mistakes loudly, waiting for someone to correct them. And they're genuinely happy when someone does.

Learning in public is like working with the garage door up [^matuschak] and leaving it open as an invitation: an invitation for others not just to watch them work, but to participate in the process as co-creators to a community of knowledge.


## Why should you learn in public?


Public learners jump wholeheartedly into new topics, unfettered by the pressure to be perfect.

## How do you learn in public?


## What's in the book?


[^kleon]: Kleon, A. (2014). *Show your work!: 10 ways to share your creativity and get discovered.* Workman Publishing Company.
[^matuschak]: Matuschak, A. (2023). *Work with the garage door up.* Retrieved in January 2024 from https://notes.andymatuschak.org/Work_with_the_garage_door_up.

---
Annotations: 0,3742 SHA-256 8ea717c353d060386e7fd60e76b74158  
...

Commit message:

Add first draft of 'do it like the Greeks' section

content/Doing It in Public/Introduction.md, after:

---
title: Introduction
draft: false
description: 
tags:
---

[Back to outline](/#outline)

*Doing WHAT in public?*

We often treat learning something the way we treat sex.

We hesitate to acknowledge we're doing it, for fear of judgment or ridicule. If we must do it, we do it behind closed doors, and even as we enjoy it, we do so with the appropriate amount of guilt. We delight in it in secret until one day, perhaps nine months from now, we have something to show for it: a product of our efforts. This, finally, is a thing we can be publicly proud of, even as we downplay the process of getting there.

The truth is that everyone else is doing it in secret too.

We do it in secret because it's difficult to admit we have a lot to learn, especially when we need to learn things we feel we ought to know already. No matter how much experience we have, or how often we've made something, it's still difficult to silence the nagging voice in our heads that wonders how we got as far as we did without knowing much of anything. We don't want to be found out, so we transgress in the dark and play catch-up and make our mistakes where nobody else will see them. At the end of it, *if* we chance upon the creation of something halfway decent, *then* we let other people see it. This, in our minds, is what it looks like to be an expert: having a showcase of beautiful things effortlessly made from nothing. Because we're just that good.

But there's another way to make things without the pretense, one that is kinder to ourselves than we can be. It's a way that enables us to learn and think and question and *play*, just for the joy of it. It's a philosophy of learning that is forgiving while moving fast enough to be fun:

*Doing it in public.*

## Do it like the Greeks

None of this is new. In fact, quite the opposite. 

In the 5th century BCE in Athens, the ancient Greeks established what would be the first documented instance of democracy under a nobleman named Cleisthenes. Integral to the reforms Cleisthenes instituted was the foundation of an Assembly, called an *Ekklesia* (ἐκκλησία). The Ekklesia was a gathering of Athenians for the purpose of making collective decisions about policies and laws, but it turned into more than that. It became a way to inform, educate, persuade, debate, include, and learn. Athenians didn't just come to the Ekklesia to listen-- they came to express their opinions, understand others' perspectives, and come to a joint conclusion that everyone was comfortable with. The Ekklesia established oratory and public speaking as one of the very foundations of democracy.

Over time, the use of oratory spilled out of the political domain and trickled through to other areas of society, like philosophy. Later, Athenians would flock to the Lyceum, a cross between a school and a gymnasium that would be used for both mental and physical exercises. The best thinkers of Athens discovered that oratory was useful for more than just making decisions. It was a good tool for reasoning about the nature of life, the universe, and everything. With that understanding came the refinement of two sub-disciplines of oratory: *rhetoric* and *dialectic*. [^lumen]

Rhetoric is the art of persuasion, but it's not just about delivering an impassioned speech. Aristotle founded his own school in Athens, called the *Peripatetic* school, a "walking school" where instead of teaching, he would walk around the Lyceum with his students, discussing philosophy. Aristotle used rhetoric as a way to *develop* ideas, not just express them. He would go and speak with his students as a way to build arguments, tailoring his cadence and delivery to their emotional and intellectual reactions. Aristotle spoke in public to get constant feedback about how his ideas were being received.

Dialectic, on the other hand, is the art of synthesizing disparate and sometimes contradictory ideas. Socrates had a particular style of questioning, called the Socratic method, that involved asking increasingly challenging questions to reveal the faults of a premise. Dialectic is about systematically and dispassionately attacking an idea with the goal of strengthening it-- or disproving it entirely. Plato used structured dialogues to make his points, deliberately working in counterarguments to preempt potential criticisms and to deepen his own, as well as others', understanding of the topic. Dialectic is a style of critical reasoning that hinges on dissent, and is therefore best done among a crowd of people who can authentically disagree.

The Ancient Greeks understood something that we've lost: that speaking in front of an audience can be part of the process of learning, rather than the end result. They practiced the art of oratory not just for its performative value. They practiced it because it gave them immediate feedback about how their arguments were received and critical information about how to improve next time. The Ancient Greeks understood the value of learning in public.

## What is learning in public?

Learning in public is a fundamental subversion of how most of us learn to learn. Instead of waiting until the end to show off the resulting work, learning in public shows the process of creating it. Instead of polish and perfection, the public learner aims for authenticity and progress. And instead of downplaying the effort it took to make something, they openly acknowledge the struggle and doubt that are constant companions of making anything worth making.

Learning in public is about showing your work [^kleon] as part of the creation process, using social networks and digital tools to shorten the gap between ideation and production. Public learners post questions on social media when someone says something they don't understand, but want to learn. Their status updates are a progress report of their latest project. They speak up during community spaces to pitch ideas. They turn on the camera and press record without scripting what they're going to say. They publish blog posts before they feel ready. They apply to speak at conferences before they feel they're experts. Public learners make mistakes loudly, waiting for someone to correct them. And they're genuinely happy when someone does.

Learning in public is like working with the garage door up [^matuschak] and leaving it open as an invitation: an invitation for others not just to watch them work, but to participate in the process as co-creators to a community of knowledge.


## Why should you learn in public?


Public learners jump wholeheartedly into new topics, unfettered by the pressure to be perfect.

## How do you learn in public?


## What's in the book?


[^kleon]: Kleon, A. (2014). *Show your work!: 10 ways to share your creativity and get discovered.* Workman Publishing Company.
[^matuschak]: Matuschak, A. (2023). *Work with the garage door up.* Retrieved in January 2024 from https://notes.andymatuschak.org/Work_with_the_garage_door_up.
[^lumen]: Lumen Learning. *Module 16: The origins of public speaking.* Retrieved from https://courses.lumenlearning.com/publicspeakingprinciples/chapter/ancient-greece/#footnote-413-3

---
Annotations: 0,7157 SHA-256 565b3c12c45cbbd315d9f5f786562a9f  
@Nicole van der Hoeven <https\\\\\\\://nicolevanderhoeven.com>: 1776,314 2098,2910 6974,86  
...
